please take your time during the research for all the sources listed in the scraping script. I dont want you to assume endpoints, I want you to check what the right urls are instead for bill, speaches and so on. Here is an example links httpszambialii.orgdocspeech , httpszambialii.orgaknzmdocspeech2022-07-21keynote-address-by-the-hon-chief-justice-of-zambia-dr-mumba-malila-sc-at-the-official-opening-of-the-law-association-of-zamabias-9th-annual-law-conference-held-on-21-22-july-2022-at-avan-resort-victoria-falls-livingstoneeng@2022-07-21 , gazzete  httpszambialii.orggazettes httpszambialii.orggazettes2025 httpszambialii.orgaknzmofficialGazettegovernment-gazette2025-03-077727eng@2025-03-07 , bills httpszambialii.orgdocbill httpszambialii.orgaknzmdocbill2025-05-23the-constitution-of-zambia-amendment-bill-no-7-of-2025eng@2025-05-23 , newsletters httpszambialii.orgdocnewsletter httpszambialii.orgaknzmdocnewsletter2025-03-31zambialii-march-issue-newslettereng@2025-03-31 . Please also consider that for some of these sites, the content of a law or resource type is not in a pdf, it is on the page itself, for some of these sites, the pages have no other meta data about the resource and all the details are in the pdf provided. Remember to handle each appropriately. The idea of having acts_url is confusing because its not only acts that we want to get from these sites, its all the legal related resources they have like those mentioned before, e.g speeches, bills, repealed laws, newsletters, gazzettes, judgements  cases and any resembling these categories. We want all documents that help us fully understand the current state of law in Zambia and we need to be able to make refrences using the AI we train it it . What we are building is training data for an AI Agent. So please provide as much meta information about each resource and it should be presented as types that have been listed here as categories. Do not assume links, go to the site, check if it has a sitemap and go to every urls that and then decide which urls to use from that site. If there is no sitemap then start from the homescreen and go to every link available. Click on menu links  buttons to make sure you dont miss any links that maybe specified in js but not as a link in the html. Once you have done your deep research and figured this out, you can go ahead and create a report of your research for future reference and then create a plan of how you are going to fix the scaper. Once that is done, update the tests and other related files. Run the tests, then let me know when you are done so that i run the updatedscarper.  there are also some laws that were repealed and you have not indicated this and the related files, e.g httpszambialii.orgaknzmact191312eng@1996-12-31 but yet the file is present both as text and a pdf please fix this too


based on this data, you can see that we have finally generated some law-data inside the generator but it is not served as a service yet via an API. Please do some deep research and create a strategy for how the law-data ia going to be served through an http API that law-app can then access instead of using the legalData store that used static values. Replace the laww-app's legalData to depend on the law-data-generator python http REST server that runs locally. before getting started, do a deep research on how to do this and add 1 report per app that shows how they are going to rely on each other as a strategy we can review later. Then follow that strategy to make sure our app works just fine.